# MsgVpnTopicEndpoint

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ConsumerAckPropagationEnabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the propagation of Consumer ACKs received on the active replication Message VPN to the standby replication Message VPN. The default value is &#x60;true&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**DeadMsgQueue** | **string** | Identifies the name of the queue which should be used as the topic endpoint&#39;s dead message queue. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;#DEAD_MSG_QUEUE\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**EgressEnabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the outgoing (egress) flow of messages from the Topic Endpoint. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**EventRejectLowPriorityMsgLimitThreshold** | [**EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**EventSpoolUsageThreshold** | [**EventThreshold**](EventThreshold.md) |  | [optional] [default to null]
**IngressEnabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the incoming (ingress) flow of messages to the Topic Endpoint. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**MaxDeliveredUnackedMsgsPerFlow** | **int64** | The maximum allowed number of messages delivered but not acknowledged per flow for the Topic Endpoint. The default is the maximum value supported by the hardware. The default value is &#x60;10000&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**MaxMsgSize** | **int32** | The maximum message size (in bytes) allowed in the Topic Endpoint. The default value is &#x60;10000000&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**MaxRedeliveryCount** | **int64** | The maximum number of times the Topic Endpoint will attempt redelivery of a given message prior to it being discarded or moved to the #DEAD_MSG_QUEUE. A value of 0 means to retry forever. The default value is &#x60;0&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**MaxSpoolUsage** | **int64** | The maximum allowed spool usage (in MB) of the Topic Endpoint. Setting the value to zero enables the last-value-queue feature and disables quota checking. The default varies by platform. The default varies by platform. | [optional] [default to null]
**MaxTtl** | **int64** | The maximum number of seconds that a message can stay in the Topic Endpoint when \&quot;respectTtlEnabled\&quot; is \&quot;true\&quot;. A message will expire according to the lesser of the TTL in the message (assigned by the Publisher) and the \&quot;maxTtl\&quot; configured on the Topic Endpoint. \&quot;maxTtl\&quot; is a 32-bit integer value from 1 to 4294967295 representing the expiry time in seconds. A \&quot;maxTtl\&quot; of \&quot;0\&quot; disables this feature. The default value is &#x60;0&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**MsgVpnName** | **string** | The name of the Message VPN. | [optional] [default to null]
**Owner** | **string** | The Client Username which owns the Topic Endpoint. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;\&quot;&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**Permission** | **string** | Permission level for users of the Topic Endpoint, excluding the owner. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;no-access\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;no-access\&quot; - Disallows all access. \&quot;read-only\&quot; - Read-only access to the messages in the Topic Endpoint. \&quot;consume\&quot; - Consume (read and remove) messages in the Topic Endpoint. \&quot;modify-topic\&quot; - Consume messages or modify the topic/selector of the Topic Endpoint. \&quot;delete\&quot; - Consume messages, modify the topic/selector or delete the Topic Endpoint altogether. &lt;/pre&gt;  | [optional] [default to null]
**RejectLowPriorityMsgEnabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable if low priority messages are subject to \&quot;rejectLowPriorityMsgLimit\&quot; checking. This may only be enabled if \&quot;rejectMsgToSenderOnDiscardBehavior\&quot; does not have a value of \&quot;never\&quot;. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**RejectLowPriorityMsgLimit** | **int64** | The number of messages of any priority in the Topic Endpoint above which low priority messages are not admitted but higher priority messages are allowed. The default value is &#x60;0&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**RejectMsgToSenderOnDiscardBehavior** | **string** | The circumstances under which a NACK is sent to the client on discards. Note that NACKs cause the message to not be delivered to any destination and transacted-session commits to fail. This attribute may only have a value of \&quot;never\&quot; if \&quot;rejectLowPriorityMsgEnabled\&quot; is disabled. The default value is &#x60;\&quot;never\&quot;&#x60;. The allowed values and their meaning are:  &lt;pre&gt; \&quot;always\&quot; - Message discards always result in NACKs being returned to the sending client, even if the discard reason is that the topic-endpoint is disabled. \&quot;when-topic-endpoint-enabled\&quot; - Message discards result in NACKs being returned to the sending client, except if the discard reason is that the Topic Endpoint is disabled. \&quot;never\&quot; - Message discards never result in NACKs being returned to the sending client. &lt;/pre&gt;  | [optional] [default to null]
**RespectTtlEnabled** | **bool** | Enable or disable the respecting of \&quot;time-to-live\&quot; (TTL). If enabled, then messages contained in the Topic Endpoint are checked for expiry. If expired, the message is removed from the Topic Endpoint and either discarded or a copy of the message placed in the #DEAD_MSG_QUEUE Endpoint. The default value is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] [default to null]
**TopicEndpointName** | **string** | The name of the Topic Endpoint. | [optional] [default to null]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


